The Joe Rogan experience. There's a thing about your films though,
that I think like, I keep getting back to this,
but because you did go over there, it's almost like in your films,
like you have something, you have to tell people, but it's like,
you have to give them medicine, but you got to give it to them. And.
I don't think of it that way. I wanted to do I take thorny subjects,
but they're entertaining too, because I want to know what happens next.
Like you, I think you have an interest in,
so even political matters can be fascinating. Yeah.
Who else would do Nixon's life? Right? I mean, come on.
He was not the most popular guy. Now he's in a plane for me. It was a challenge.
Yeah. Uh, same thing with the JFK murder. I mean, it was so,
so gnarly.
That one's extra complex, right?
Because you took some liberties there to try to move the plot. No.
But liberties in the spirit of the, of the, uh, I didn't violate the truth.
Right. So in this, I mean, I had to combine characters. Yeah. So.
That is a complex story.
That the story of JFK's assassination is very complex because I can learn a
lot from a person in what their opinion is. Like, what do you think happened?
Well, Lee Harvey, Oswald acted alone. I,
you get these very specific character types where these people have these
predetermined patterns that they plug into. And the Lee Harvey,
Oswald acted alone is one of the weirder ones. Yeah, sure.
That is one of the weirdest arguments. And when,
when I talked to them about the magic bullet know, like, and they go, well,
that's actually been proven that that can happen. I mean,
that drives me nuts because I'm a guy who shoots guns. I'm a hunter.
And I know what happens when bullets hit bones.
It doesn't ever come out like that.
Ever. And also I think, you know, it was a hell of a shot. Well, hell.
Of a shot can happen.
I don't think it's that bad of a sh I don't think it's that big of a deal.
I think that's overstated. There's many things that are overstated.
One of the things that's overstated is the scope was off. You know,
people always say, well, the scope was off. We'll,
anything can knock a scope off.
You can drop a gun in the evidence room and the scopes off that's that's
nonsense. That's people don't understand guns,
but the bullet hitting those two people and finding its way on the Connolly's
gurney magically with very little distortion,
the boat at all is straight up horseshit.
And the fact that that still gets touted as being well,
this is actually how it could have happened.
And we are things happen with bullets. Sure. Weird things happen with bullets.
But one weird thing that never happens with bullets is when they hit bone and
shattered bone, they always distort always.
Yeah, I'm making it. I made a documentary it's almost finished about, uh,
we went back to the case again, taking all the information from the, uh,
assassination records review board that came out of the film. They were,
they passed an act. The JFK act Congress did. It was amazing. And uh,
they allowed the board to exist for five years and they went through a lot of
detail. They weren't out to prove anything,
but they w they found a lot of little detail that we put into
this documentary, which I think you'll, I'm sure I'll love.
It goes into it into CE 3 99, the bullet,
but also goes into so much else on the autopsy. That's screwed up.
The two autopsies, the one in Bethesda and also the one in Dallas.
There was no in.
Dallas. Well, they, they, they did examinations.
Yeah. Of what happened to him in examinations in Dallas.
Everybody saw a huge gaping wound in the rear right. Of is Mr. Kennedy,
his head, and that was covered up. Um.
Yeah, there was, um,
there was also the reason why they needed to make that magic bullet work.
The guy who got hit under the underpass. No,
I know you're I could see your enthusiasm on this idea. Yeah. And also.
You know, come on. I mean, if you're an infant treatment,
it's a ho you can't fire three shots like that.
Why aren't you not firing at him when he's coming towards you? If really,
if you're serious, it's a very.
Unlikely but possible. I mean, it can be done. The shot can be done,
but that's one of the least ridiculous things about that story is whether or not
one person could have pulled off those shots.
I don't think it would be done. I don't think,
I think the world's best marksman couldn't do it.
I remember reading something about that. It's a hard shot, but.
Hard shots can be made hard, shot three shots in that time period,
depending upon how much he trained for it, depending on, I mean,
I've I've know some people that are spectacular marksman that can do some
ridiculous and do it so fast that he wasn't, he wasn't, but he was also trained.
And if you,
depending upon how much training he did between his time in the service and his
time, actually getting ready to shoot Kennedy, you can get a lot better.
I don't know how much training he did. I mean,
you could take someone who's three years ago, a terrible shot,
and then they kill someone, you know, well, he couldn't have done it.
He's a terrible shot look. Three years ago, he was a terrible shot. Well,
if that guy was training time, well,
I don't think the rifle look, it can be done, but again,
whether it's likely or not, that could be debated,
but it's the least ridiculous thing about that story. Well,
wait till you see the documentary. Cause we, we.
We go, we, I think we pretty much prove that there's no chain of evidence on,
on the rifle either.
Hmm. I don't know. I'm sure. I'm sure.
Did you read David Lifton's book best evidence years ago? Yeah.
That's what got me into the Kennedy assassination. Somebody gave it to me,
a friend of mine, a musician friend of mine when I was on the road. And I read,
I read it unfortunately all day,
right before my standup comedy shows that night. And I was so depressed.
I didn't think anything was funny. And I went on stage. I had a terrible show.
And then, uh,
I had to shake myself out of it for the second show because I was bummed out.
I was like, I had never considered it before. I'm like, Jesus Christ.
They killed the president and he covered it up.
Yeah. And we're paying for it to this day. Cause I think, uh,
Mr. Kennedy was one of the, really on the road to being a great president.
I think he did a lot of great things that people don't even know.
And we put that in the documentary when he was actually doing in Africa.
People don't know what he was doing around the world and Asia in Cuba,
obviously south America, what his plans were.
People don't understand that it was a big divide between Lyndon Johnson, who he,
he was about to get rid of him as vice-president. And for the next election,
there was a big divide in thinking between Kennedy and Johnson.
Kennedy was without doubt pulling out of the war. There was a directive. We, we,
we bring it up in the, from the, uh, uh,
sec Def conference in Hawaii from earlier that year he was pulling out and he
made that very clear.
Well, there was also the Northwoods document, which.
Is really crazy, shocking when you actually.
Because this is not speculation or any kind of conspiracy theory,
this is all from the freedom of information act signed by the joint chiefs of
staff. They were going to blow up a jet airliner and blame it on the Cubans.
They were going to arm Cuban, friendlies and Intacct Guantanamo bay.
They're going to do all this to get us to go to war with Cuba. Yeah.
And it was it's, it's stunning that this, this is an,
this is an actual plan by the United States government vetoed by Kennedy.
Wasn't there a plan also to fly a plane into a building?
I don't know if there was, there was a plan, a plan to blow up a drone jetliner.
They were going to take a jet liner fly and blow it up in the sky and, and,
you know, attribute, uh, all these deaths to them that came about.
Actually the Northwoods came about as a result of the movie,
because that was what they was found by the assassination records review.
Board. Really. Wow. It's one of many.
Documents that have come out. That's why it's important for my safe spaces.
Peace of mind to finish this thing. It's kind of like, okay, this is the end.
I have to just put down the evidence because I couldn't do it in a film. Right?
Yeah. That's what I was going to get to. Like what,
what is it like when you have this passion for this story?
And this is a critical story in the history of the United States and a
clear piece of, I mean, it's,
it's a clear historical record of an assassination of a president and most
likely whoever who, I mean, I don't know. Who do you, who do you think was.
I think, um, it, I'm not going to, you know, get sued because they're all bad.
But I think that Alan Bellis has to be looked at a lot closer. And I think he,
he was no longer in the CIA,
but he had a tremendous amount of influence and I think he needed some
organized, very organized top people to help him.
So I think it could have been a group of people that were involved and then
maybe involving certain people in the Pentagon too,
because there was an awful lot of strange things that happen. Yeah.
He certainly had some ideas that didn't jive well with the people that were in
power.
Then this was fired by Kennedy. Let's call it beta bay,
which had never been done. Right.
This was a shock to the American way of government. I mean,
we come from a pro military system and here was Kennedy questioning it.
And then, uh, w you know, when, after he was killed, I mean,
it was insane for Lyndon Johnson to appoint him to the Warren commission where
he managed to control pretty much the hearings and who, who was heard,
who wasn't heard and what the CIA was delivering to the, it was a joke.
It was transparent. A joke.
There's a,
a couple of things that are Joe Arlen specter being the guy who comes up with
the magic bullet theory is another joke. Yeah, there's, there's a lot of that.
That's just very disturbing when it's one of those things where you go over that
subject and you just leave in this state of discomfort
and unease, and it's very hard to relax afterwards.